Added an open source link (#465)
freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source: README.md

- ["How to Contribute to Open Source Project" by Maryna Z](https://rubygarage.org/blog/how-contribute-to-open-source-projects) - This comprehensive article is directed towards businesses (but still useful for individual contributors) where it talks about why, how, and what open-source projects to contribute to.
- ["start-here-guidelines" by Andrei](https://github.com/zero-to-mastery/start-here-guidelines) -
Lets Git started in the world of opensource, starting in the opensource playground. Especially designed for education and practical experience purposes.

> - [" How to contribute to open source i.e How to pull request" ](https://zubi.gitbook.io/open-source-fiesta/) - Learn , how to contribute to open source at ease . With that enjoy the git sheet along with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ["Open Source Fiesta - Open Source Fiesta"](https://zubi.gitbook.io/open-source-fiesta/) - Step-by-step instruction on how to contribute to GitHub repositories, and includes a git command line cheatsheet.
```
